              
            People participate in cultural activities during National Day holiday across China-Xinhua
                   People participate in cultural activities during National Day holiday across China 新华网 Editor: huaxia 2023-10-02 22:25:36       People visit an exhibition at Tianjin Art Museum in Tianjin, north China, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Li Ran)A visitor takes pictures at a science and art exhibition at the Beijing Times Art Museum in Beijing, capital of China, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Ren Chao)People visit the Hebei Museum in Shijiazhuang, north China's Hebei Province, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Mu Yu)A visitor takes pictures at a science and art exhibition at the Beijing Times Art Museum in Beijing, capital of China, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Ren Chao)People visit the Anhui Art Museum in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 1, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Zhou Mu)People visit the Anhui Art Museum in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 1, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Zhou Mu)A kid reads at a bookstore in Changsha, central China's Hunan Province, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Chen Zhenhai)A performance is staged at the Star Theatres in Chengdu, southwest China's Sichuan Province, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Xu Bingjie)People enjoy wine at a chateau in Qingtongxia City, northwest China's Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Yang Zhisen)People visit the Anhui Art Museum in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 1, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Zhou Mu)People visit the Zhengzhou Shang Dynasty Ruins Museum in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Li Jianan)People visit an exhibition on ancient Roman civilization at the China Millennium Monument in Beijing, capital of China, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Ren Chao)Students visit the Hebei Museum in Shijiazhuang, north China's Hebei Province, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Mu Yu)Students paint from life at Hengdaohezi Town in Hailin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Oct. 2, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)People visit the Anhui Art Museum in Hefei, east China's Anhui Province, Oct. 1, 2023. People across the country participate in cultural activities to enrich their holiday life during the National Day holiday. (Xinhua/Zhou Mu)        
                People participate in cultural activities during National Day holiday across China
                 