              
            China sees travel rush during holidays-Xinhua
                   China sees travel rush during holidays 新华网 Editor: huaxia 2023-09-29 19:58:16       Passengers are about to board a train at Zhengzhou Railway Station in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Li Jianan)Passengers wait for trains at the waiting hall of Chongqing North Railway Station in Chongqing, southwest China, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Liu Chan)Passengers are about to board a train at Chongqing North Railway Station in Chongqing, southwest China, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Liu Chan)This photo taken on Sept. 29, 2023 shows passengers at Beijing West Railway Station in Beijing, capital of China. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Zhang Chenlin)Passengers are seen on a train at Beijing West Railway Station in Beijing, capital of China, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Zhang Chenlin)Passengers wait for trains at the waiting hall of Guiyang North Railway Station in Guiyang, southwest China's Guizhou Province, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Tao Liang)This photo taken on Sept. 29, 2023 shows passengers at Zhengzhou Railway Station in Zhengzhou, central China's Henan Province. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Li Jianan)Passengers wait for trains at the waiting hall of Harbin Railway Station in Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)Passengers walk on the south square of Harbin Railway Station in Harbin, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Wang Jianwei)Passengers run to the ticket gate at Tianjin West Railway Station in north China's Tianjin, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Li Ran)This aerial photo taken on Sept. 29, 2023 shows passengers lining up to enter Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Wu Zhizun)Passengers head to the waiting hall of Hankou Railway Station in Wuhan, central China's Hubei Province, Sept. 29, 2023. Friday marks the Mid-Autumn Festival this year, followed by the National Day holiday from Sept. 30 to Oct. 6. With a growing number of travelers ready to sate their wanderlust, the tourism sector is expecting a boost to development as the long holidays near.According to China State Railway Group, the country's railway operator, it sold 22.88 million train tickets for the Mid-Autumn Festival on the day the tickets went on sale, a record high for single-day sales. (Xinhua/Wu Zhizun)        
                China sees travel rush during holidays
                 