              
            Autumn scenery of Hukou Waterfall on Yellow River-Xinhua
                   Autumn scenery of Hukou Waterfall on Yellow River 新华网 Editor: huaxia 2023-09-29 18:49:10       This aerial photo taken on Sept. 26, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Xing Guangli)This aerial photo taken on Sept. 27, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Xing Guangli)This aerial photo taken on Sept. 27, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Xing Guangli)This photo taken on Sept. 26, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)Tourists enjoy the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces, on Sept. 26, 2023. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)This aerial photo taken on Sept. 27, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Xing Guangli)This aerial photo taken on Sept. 27, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Xing Guangli)This aerial photo taken on Sept. 27, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Xing Guangli)A tourist takes photos of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces, on Sept. 26, 2023. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)Tourists enjoy the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces, on Sept. 27, 2023. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)This photo taken on Sept. 26, 2023 shows the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)Tourists enjoy the autumn scenery of the Hukou Waterfall on the Yellow River, on the border area between north China's Shanxi and northwest China's Shaanxi provinces, on Sept. 26, 2023. (Xinhua/Shao Rui)        
                Autumn scenery of Hukou Waterfall on Yellow River
                 