








akp.gov.kh















 KHMER  
 FRENCH  
 ARAB  
































                                            Home
                                        


National News


International News


Business News


Sports News


Photo Stories


Opinion


Documentary


Border Issue


Novels




















Thanks to Peace!       When there is peace, there is development!       PM Hun Sen : Cambodia must not exchange its independence and sovereignty for anything else. We will not die or become rich even though we continue to have or lose EBA.









 
                            Videos & Infographics
                        






















Previous



Next





 
                Videos & Infographics
            









                        សេចក្តីបំភ្លឺព័ត៌មាន របស់អគ្គនាយកដ្ឋានពន្ធដារ ពាក់ព័ន្ធការអនុវត្តការប្រមូលពន្ធស្របតាមច្បាប់ស្តីពីសារពើពន្ធ!
                    







                        បទយកការណ៍៖ អ្នកជំនាញ ពន្យល់ពីការមូលហេតុនៃការកសាង ប្រាសាទសួរព្រ័ត្រ ឬប្រាសាទនាង១២
                    











                            NATIONAL NEWS
                        




Cambodian People Celebrating the 14-Day Kan Ben Festival 










AKP Phnom Penh, September 30, 2023 --

Cambodian people from all walks of live are celebrating the two-week-long Kan Ben Festival which kicks off today in the pagodas throughout the country.

This year, this annual religious festival will take place until Oct. 13.

As usual, Cambodian people go to pagodas to offer foodstuff to the monks. They...



 


PM Asks Provincial Governors to Pay Attention to Rescue of Flood Victims










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --

Prime Minister Samdech Moha Borvor Thipadei Hun Manet has requested the provincial governors to pay attention to the rescue of people affected by flash floods due to continuous rainfall in the past few days.

The Premier made the request in a voice message this morning after he noted flood cases in some pr...



 


Media Cooperation Crucial for Mekong-Lancang Development










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --

Media cooperation among the six countries along the Lancang-Mekong River has played a crucial role in promoting awareness of the Mekong-Lancang Cooperation mechanism, bridging communication among people in the region.

The remarks were made by H.E. Neth Pheaktra, Minister of Information, in a meeting on Fi...



 


The 300-kilo Giant Freshwater Stingray Official Recognised by Guinness World Records










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 -- 

The 661-pound (300 kilos) giant freshwater stingray that the Wonders of the Mekong team helped tag and release back into the Mekong River last year has been officially recognised by the Guinness World Records as the world's largest recorded freshwater fish.

“Since the release, we have gathered inval...



 


Sub-Decree to Reduce Export Taxes on Natural Stone Products Signed










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --

Samdech Moha Borvor Thipadei Hun Manet, Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia, has signed a sub-decree to lower the export taxes on some natural stone products for export in order to ease the burden of exporters and help them compete in the international markets.

Samdech Thipadei Hun Manet said this d...



 


Ruling Party President Receives Thai Prime Minister










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --

President of the ruling Cambodian People’s Party (CPP), Samdech Akka Moha Sena Padei Techo Hun Sen, received here yesterday evening Thai Prime Minister H.E. Srettha Thavisin at the January 7 Palace.

In the courtesy meeting, Samdech Techo Hun Sen, also President of the Supreme Privy Council of His Majesty...



 


Two New Investment Projects of Over US$11 Million Approved










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 -- 

The Council for the Development of Cambodia (CDC) has announced the approval of two new investment projects, generating nearly 1,300 job opportunities for the locals.

According to a CDC’s press release issued yesterday afternoon, the newly-approved projects with a total investment of over US$11 mill...



 


Cambodia Jet Ski Riders Expect Gold Medal at WGP#1 World Series










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --

Cambodian Jet Ski riders expect gold medals at the WGP #1 World Series, round 3, to take place in the U.S. from Oct. 4 to 8.

The expectation was shared by H.E. Nos Sleh, President of the Watercraft Federation of Cambodia (WFC), with the full confidence of his team, especially Mr. Kai Vansiden.

The WGP#...



 


Cambodia, World Bank to Foster Cooperation on Skills for Better Jobs










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --

Cambodia and the World Bank are committed to further fostering cooperation in promoting skills among the Cambodian labour force for better job opportunities.

The commitment was made in a meeting between H.E. Heng Sour, Minister of Labour and Vocational Training, and Ms. Mariam Sherman, World Bank Country...



 


Foreign Exchange Rates in Cambodia










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --The following are the foreign exchange rates against the Riel (Cambodian Currency) released by the National Bank, September 27, 2023.





 


Cambodia, China Vocational Education Cooperation Appreciated










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 -- 

Cambodia and the People's Republic of China have appreciated good bilateral vocational education cooperation.

Cambodian Senior Minister and First Vice President of the Cambodian Mine Action and Victim Assistance Authority (CMAA), H.E. Ly Thuch, made the note at the China (Chongqing)-ASEAN Forum on V...



 


EIU Sees Cambodia as One of World's Fastest Growing Economies in 2024










AKP Phnom Penh, September 28, 2023 --

The Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) forecast Thursday that Cambodia would be among the world’s fastest growing economies next year.

According to a webinar by the affiliate of The Economist newspaper in London, Brunei, the Philippines and Vietnam are also expected to have high levels of growth in 2024 al...



 


Cambodia and Thailand to further Enhance Partnership for Peace and Prosperity










AKP Phnom Penh, September 29, 2023 --

The Cambodian Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation last night issued a press release on the outcomes of the day-long visit of Thai Prime Minister H.E. Srettha Thavisin to Cambodia, stressing that the two neighbours will further enhance partnership for peace and prosperity.

The full pr...



 


ASEAN-Cambodian Business Summit 2023 Kicks Off










AKP Phnom Penh, September 28, 2023 --

The two-day ASEAN-Cambodian Business Summit 2023, where business and political leaders come together to explore the opportunities and challenges of further economic integration, kicked off at Sofitel Phnom Penh Phokeethra on Sept. 28.

In her opening remarks under the session “Connectivity & Growth in...



 


Acting Head of State Receives Courtesy Visit from Thai PM










AKP Phnom Penh, September 28, 2023 --

Samdech Vibol Sena Pheakdei Say Chhum, Acting Head of State of Cambodia, received here at the Senate Palace this afternoon visiting Thai Prime Minister H.E. Srettha Thavisin. 

In the courtesy meeting, Samdech Say Chhum spoke highly of H.E. Srettha Thavisin’s visit to Cambodia, which, he said, gives h...



 





‹

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
...
973
974

›









                                PHOTO STORIES
                            








                                    Governor of Thbong Khmum Province and Spouse Celebrate First Day of Kan Ben Festival
                                    










                                    H.E. Ouk Rabun Presides Over a Campaign to Promote Environment Without Plastic Bags 
                                    










                                    Cambodian People Hold First Day of Kan Ben Festival
                                    










                                    Asian Games: Cambodian National Athlete Chhun Bunthan Competes in 1,500-Metre Race in Hangzhou This Morning
                                    










                                    NEC Organises a Dissemination Meeting with Stakeholders on 5th Senate Election 
                                    










                                    Information Ministry Celebrates First Day of Kan Ben Festival at North Chin Dam Dek Pagoda
                                    










                                    Commerce Minister Receives Turkish Ambassador to Cambodia
                                    










                                    Photos of the Week: Raing Phnom Flower (Shorea siamensis) Often Seen in Pagodas in Cambodia
                                    










                                    Information Ministry Holds Religious Ceremony for First Day of Kan Ben Festival at North Chin Dam Dek Pagoda
                                    










                                    DPM H.E. Say Samal Receives World Bank Country Director for Myanmar, Cambodia and Lao PDR
                                    



 Read More 





 AKP Gallery 


ARCHIVES



  2018


  2017


  2016


  2015


  2014


  2013


  2012


  2011








































Email : ask@akp.gov.kh
​Tel : ​+855 23 430 564
Address : ​#62, Preah Monivong Blvd., Phnom Penh, Cambodia





Social Media
 
 
 
 










                            © Copyright AKP 2018. All Rights Reserved.
                        










 

